I hope you are very well today
let's talk about looks to wear
during the summer we will combine
trends that we live in spring
summer making looks very very parents that
can use from in the city in the
beach or any place that I
go on vacation let's see these
books
this first option is a very look
summery because because I'm using
many elements that we use in the
summer first colors the color
orange the color green the red up
also dark colors we can start
to use in summer because they already saw that
everywhere it makes the same heat
then we can mix it not so much
neon is in garments but rather some
other colors like the ones I mentioned
I'm using the flower print that is
a basic we saw it during the spring
summer and we can continue to use it very
very well this summer full of flowers
we see pants we see blouses I wanted
use this skirt is also in court to the
waist and has a land that goes to
allow this to cover us completely
we do not want to teach further
It makes very good body this cut
I'm sure it's going to favor
all the blouse also has a tendency
because it has a little bit of lace
lace we saw everything that was
during the day during the afternoon during
the night can use it during the day as in
this option in some blouse maybe not
all lace but who likes it can
opt for a little
shoes shoes are also from
great tendency because because the wicker
This material is ideal for heat is
very good for summer they also have
three or four colors you have to look
funny shoes you have to exaggerate in
Our shoes is like an accessory
very visible in our looks and we can
innovate and we can opt for options
different finally the bag me
I've always said that lions are
we can use them in
spring in summer in autumn and even in
winter right now maybe I would not use it
both in clothes but in accessories
Go crazy like for example this
very cute little bag to use
during the afternoon she is flirtatious and looks
very well
another very strong trend are the stripes
and we had made a program
specifying us on the lines the
we saw in horizontal and vertical but
Now I want to give you looks for the
summer
then the sailor style will see it
a lot of more it looks amazing we're going to
see the colors that are used in this
style are red blue and white
the blue to which we speak to navy blue
then you can experience
can choose the skirt I wanted
many stripes in this look but you
they could opt for something else on say
this smooth a navy blue and the little witch
red or vice versa
the red skirt the blue sachet can
opt for a strapless sleeveless blouse
Milestone Relax Feel cool to me
they like T-shirts and especially
those that are short then the only thing
What I do is opt for a skirt that
come more or less to the waist that
arrive at this height so that he does not teach
but they could use any other
skirt they have only if they want to opt
by this look you already saw the colors that
they have to wear the shoes we can
have fun with a lot of variety
shoes we can make high shoes
flip flops
and we can even use these that are
Palate style I also love
they are comfortable they are versatile they look very
very well I also wanted them to have another
sailor touch have the anchor and others
then they make this look much more ado
as accessories I'm wearing a bracelet
and a very basic ring is the gold me
love the combination of gold with
this style and finally a bag this
bag is big this type bag type
that kind of portfolio that we can put
many things even the laptop to what
You can think
and also because not the points the
points surely saw them very much
They even used them because they can follow
using them in summer they look amazing
there are small points big points the
most of the time we're going to see it
it is with the combination of black and white
that's why I opted for this combination
established is short is tied in front
she is very flirtatious we can use it with something
high or with something also in the hip not
nothing happens I wanted to put on these jeans
which are shorts, in fact, if they have
jeans that are no longer left that no longer
use the shorts and turn them around
Very flirty shorts can be worn in summer
we can combine it
up with what they want could do
points as I give them the option or could
make stripes flowers what comes to mind
that's why I recommend that if they have
shorts are denim their Flatts
We can use the flats, of course,
for summer they are rich they are going to help us
walk around to tour to do
all those who like their best
favorite those your jealousy this summer
as accessories I have some bracelets
with beads with spikes I'm
combining a bit of everything
use cute bracelets
this summer and finally this bag
It is also wicker what we talked about is
an ideal material for the heat you see
very versatile looks very father looks
I love something long if I know
they fix I am combining also plated
with gold we can do all the
combinations that we want while
see a balance and the look is followed
having very peace
this is the end a short little dress
It's also lace that says no
we can use the lace during the day
during the afternoon this is a very good
option a very simple casual way is
a little dress as I said
completely loose we could put
If I want a belt all that
I wanted is to put many accessories
to give it more life I put this necklace
This necklace that has more colors has
two extra colors then it will highlight
a little more this look the shoes are
sandals that we talked about that you have to
have fun with the shoes we can use
Sandal type espadrilles if it's a place
of heat where you can really enjoy
some pretty sandals and finally one
big bag a big bag rough for
make the look even more casual
that we are very relaxed during the
late
I hope you enjoy these looks in
Summer right now they leave
vacations already saw that we mixed a
little bit of everything if they want to see each
specific pledge we have a program
lace a line program can be
go back and you will find many
things I'm sure I leave my
information is my blog is also my
twitter write me if you like the video
of like also share what for
more people can see these tips from
fashion you already know that if they tell me
Of course I answer to myself
love to receive all your comments and
See you next program with a lot
plus